hey everybody welcome to the Wolfe pit
today I'm doing the fourth video on my
fourth of July video series how to cook
the perfect shish kabob so let's get
started
I'm going to start with a three and a
half pound top sirloin roast and I'm
going to remove most of the fat and then
cut this up into bite-size pieces
about this size you don't want the
pieces to be too small or they'll dry
out or too big for obvious reasons after
trimming and cutting up the rows we have
about three pounds of meat now I'm going
to pour a whole bottle of zesty Italian
dressing over one teaspoon of Italian
seasoning and one teaspoon each of salt
and pepper now I'm going to give this
good thorough mix with my hands and then
we're going to cover it and put it in
the refrigerator for about an hour you
don't wanna leave the meat in the
Italian dressing much longer than an
hour due to the acid in it it'll
actually begin to cook the meat and
it'll be mushy when you eat it
now I'm not going to bore you so I'm
only going to put one skewer together
you can put these together any way you
like
I'd like to start off with a piece of
meat and then an onion I don't like to
marinate the vegetables so I just let
the marinade off the meat marinate the
vegetables that's enough marinade for
the vegetables for me plus too much
marinade is going to cause your
vegetables to burn and again build the
skewers how you like to eat them use
whatever kind of fruits and vegetables
you like now just continue building the
skewers until you have the number you
need now let these sit out for about 20
minutes like I've said before you don't
want to grill cold meat have the grill
done preheated to 450 degrees and we're
going to grill these over direct Heat
now I'm going to close the lid let these
cook for about four and a half to five
minutes per side now we're at the five
minute mark so I'm going to go ahead and
give these a turn
after cooking for a total of ten minutes
our shish kebabs are done and there you
have it tender and juicy marinated shish
kebabs thank you guys very much for
watching I hope you stay tuned for the
rest of the 4th of July video series
hope you give this a try and I'll see
you next time
you